Public data (#451)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/public_data/index.md

> # Public Data

Author: This section is also targeted towards users outside of Mozilla that want to access the data.

A public dataset is a dataset in [BigQuery][bigquery] which is made available to the general public
in BigQuery or through our [public HTTP endpoint][public_data_endpoint].

## Accessing Public Data in BigQuery

To access public datasets in BigQuery, a [Google Cloud Platform][gcp] (GCP) account is required. 

> GCP also offers [a free tier][gcp_free] which offers free credits to use and run queries in BigQuery.

Reviewer: I think it's important to mention that no payment information is needed in order to use BigQuery Sandbox as discussed in https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/data-analytics/query-without-a-credit-card-introducing-bigquery-sandbox

Folks are often used to free tiers coming along with the possibility of being automatically billed for overages.

                "files_uri": "https://public-data.telemetry.mozilla.org/api/v1/tables/telemetry_derived/deviations/v1/files",
                "last_updated": "https://public-data.telemetry.mozilla.org/api/v1/tables/telemetry_derived/deviations/v1/last_updated"
            }
        },
        "ssl_ratios": {
            "v1": {
                "friendly_name": "SSL Ratios",
                "description": "Percentages of page loads Firefox users have performed that were  conducted over SSL broken down by country.",
                "incremental": true,
                "incremental_export": false,
                "review_link": "https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1414839",
                "files_metadata": "https://public-data.telemetry.mozilla.org/api/v1/tables/telemetry_derived/ssl_ratios/v1/files/metadata.json",
                "files_uri": "https://public-data.telemetry.mozilla.org/api/v1/tables/telemetry_derived/ssl_ratios/v1/files",
                "last_updated": "https://public-data.telemetry.mozilla.org/api/v1/tables/telemetry_derived/ssl_ratios/v1/last_updated"
            }
        },
        // [...]
    }
}
```

> * `incremental`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keys within each dataset have the following meanings:

* `incremental`: 
```

    * `true`: data gets incrementally updated which means that new data gets added periodically 
    (for most datasets on a daily basis)
    * `false`: the entire table data gets updated periodically 
* `incremental_export`:
    * `true`: data for each `submission_date` gets exported into separate directories (e.g.
    `files/2020-04-15`, `files/2020-04-16`, ...)
    * `false`: all data gets exported into one `files/` directory 
* `review_link`: links to the Bugzilla bug for the data review
* `files_metadata`: `metadata.json` contains a list of links to all available data files

> * `files_uri`: location of data files

Reviewer: Note that the Firefox json viewer makes the files_uri values clickable links, but those links return "not found" errors.

Author: Yeah, I guess it would be nice to list files or redirect to the `metadata.json` file

> * `last_updated`: the `last_updated` file contains the timestamp for when the data files were 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `last_updated`: link to a `last_updated` file containing the timestamp for when the data files were 
```
